docs(emails): wrote docs on emails (#2353)
ONEARMY/community-platform: functions/src/emailNotifications/README.md

This data is then written to the `emails` collection in Firebase, which is set up with the [trigger email extension](https://firebase.google.com/docs/extensions/official/firestore-send-email) to send emails to users via [Brevo](https://www.brevo.com/) (formerly Sendinblue).

Once emails are successfully written to the `emails` collection database, we add an `emailed` field to the notification, which contains the id of the email object in the `emails` collection. Once a notification has been sent as an email, we exclude it from the `pending_emails` aggregation (we're not spammers 🙂).

## Technical Implementation

### Scheduled functions

We use [firebase scheduled functions](https://firebase.google.com/docs/functions/schedule-functions?gen=1st) in [index.js](./index.ts) to trigger the [createNotificationEmails](./createEmail.ts) function for the different email cadences. We use the following schedule:

> - Daily emails: each day at 5pm

Reviewer: **nitpick:** Can you include the timezone here? I am assuming UTC but that might be inaccurate?

Author: turns out it defaults to `America/Los_Angeles`, but users can default to a different timezone. i'll see in the meeting if there is a preference.

### Email Templates

The templates tracked in this directory are NOT linked to the templates we use in production. They are included for reference and version control. The templates are stored in the `templates` collection in each of our databases, which is why we have different templates for different projects.

# Development

Development in this space is complicated because elements must be updated in conjunction in different places. This is an area that we will try to better automate in the future. For now, here is a suggested workflow:

1. If you are only changing the templates and not the required data, open a PR with the template changes for each project. Please include a screenshot of the changes with sample data using a handlebars sandbox like [this one](https://handlebarsjs.com/playground.html). Once approved, a maintainer will update the database templates on dev to test, then in production.

> 2. If you also have to change the data sent to the templates, make new versions of the `createNotificationEmails` function and the templates for each project (i.e. `createNotificationEmailsV2` + `pk-template-v2.handlebars` etc.) and open a PR. Once approved, a maintainer will test the new version on dev. Then, we will update the called function in `index.ts` to the new version and update the templates in production to release the changes.

Reviewer: **praise:** This is great! Thanks for documenting this workflow and calling out the complexity around multiple areas needing a manual update. This is going to be really useful for future Us and contributors.

Reviewer 2: Good stuff @evakill

### Testing

> We do not have the email extension set up in the emulator environment, so testing the end-to-end flow is difficult locally. These were the steps I used to test:

Reviewer: **nitpick:** You have switched to _I_ pronoun here which is not consistent with the rest of the document which uses _we_. Perhaps this could be:

```suggestion
We do not have the email extension set up in the emulator environment, so testing the end-to-end flow is difficult locally. 

There are the steps used when first test the feature:
```
